Hey, how are you guys?
I'm really good! I just came back from a camping trip in Tahoe.
Wow, how kind of you to ask me! Are you trying to start something? Well, that's too bad isn't it. I'm not going to answer your question, instead I will insight you in some vocabulary! Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious, antidisestablishmentarianism, and hippopotomonstosousquipidaliaphobia. YOU ARE WELCOME!
Mary Poppins was one of my favorite movies growing up! Bugs Life, Spirit: Stallion of the Cimarron, The Little Mermaid, and Chicken Run! What about you guys?
You have sinned.
Why would you say that? And I do not have a favorite movie 
I do not have a favorite movie because I do not watch movies. You know this. Why would you even ask that? WHAT KIND OF FRIEND ARE YOU?! Anyways, moving on. How are you guys! This question was already asked, so don't answer that! Instead, here are some song lyrics! Si, sabes que ya llevo un rato mirandote, tengo que bailar contigo hoy. Vi, que tu mirada ya estaba llamandome, muestrame el camino que ya voy. Once again, you are welcome.
Tu espanol es tan bueno que pienso que naciste hablando espanol. 
Fijate que despues de tomar la clase de AP Spanish he mejorado mi gramatica! Danny sientes que has mejorado tu espaniol en tu nuevo nivel este ano? Danny tambien te quisiera pedir que pares de cantar es cancion! La me canse de escucharla 
Que chistosa! 
Solo entiendo un poco de espanol. No puedo leer que escribiste. Solo estoy en la clase de Espanol tres, asi que no puedo entiendo que escribiste. Es una problema que no puedo entiendole. Dime por que tenia que ser un chinito!
Ya vamos a terminar?
Si no? Well guys we just encountered our first conflict and wow did that get frustrating. next time let not all push and pull at the same time because that messed us all up and id like to avoid what we just went through! Im stressed and now I just want to go to lunch ok bye. Join my club its cool we'll probably talk about this there. Its called d-talks its a play on words for detoxing But innstead well get rid of the frustration in our bodies! Cool right okay bye for real this time
Okay we're done guys, let's not do anything else after this, yes? yes. Okay anyways lets go eat food during lunch, I'm going to get some junk food most likely bc I'm unhealthy and yeahhhhhhh................ ARE YOU READY FOR THIRD PERIOD? ARE YOU ALSO READY FOR THE 10K MEETING? WELL IM NOT I JUST WANT TO SLEEP. I got up at 5 am yesterday bc I decide that I want to do every single community service event, and they're all in SF and also generally really early! WHY AM I LIKE THIS. and I also had to go to work afterwards and that was fun.... yay............................................... okay we're done thank you.
ok bye! this was fun until it wasnt. Hopefully this doesnt happen again.
BYE!